WI #643: Add supported feature for resource usage (#809)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/supported_features/resource_usage.md

# Resource Usage

## Introduced Version
1.0

## Description

> FOCUS enables tracking of resource consumption through billing data. By recording what resources were used, in what quantities, and with what units of measure, practitioners can identify anomalies in usage patterns and optimize workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FOCUS enables tracking of resource consumption by providing what resources were used, in what quantities, and with what units of measure.
```

Reviewer: This needs more refinement but I put a suggestion to show delta. The problem with including things like anomalies is that the spec itself doesn't support the designation of anomalies or patterns. However that is something that should and is in the Use Cases on the Finops foundation site.
